Adding more information to in-memory caching (#415)
octobercms/docs: database-relations.md

    $user->posts;

> > **Note**: All relationship queries have [in-memory caching enabled](../database/query#in-memory-caching) by default. `load` method won't force cache flushing. For reloading relationship cache use `reloadRelations` method or `reload` whole model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: All relationship queries have [in-memory caching enabled](../database/query#in-memory-caching) by default. `load` method won't force cache to flush. To reload the relations cache use `reloadRelations` method or `reload` the whole model.
```

> > **Note**: All relationship queries have [in-memory caching enabled](../database/query#in-memory-caching) by default. `load` method won't force cache to flush. To reload the relations cache use `reloadRelations` method or `reload` the whole model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: All relationship queries have [in-memory caching enabled](../database/query#in-memory-caching) by default. The `load($relation)` method won't force cache to flush. To reload the memory cache use the `reloadRelations()` or the `reload()` methods on the model object.
```
